can I help you
y-yes yes you can I'm here to report a
terrible crime and what terrible crime
is that this one nah I told this
all wrong
quick history lesson this all started
when the Joker and I broke up
it was completely usual and soon enough
I was back on my feet ready to embrace
the fierce goddess within it's oh so now
that I cut ties with mr. J I'm about to
learn that a lot of people want me dead
all alone at the top of that list is
this guy
but it turns out there wasn't the only
daemon got them looking for emancipation
can't just rob him
you've betrayed him you'd kill these
bffe what you are so cool you're dumb
enough to be building a case against him
so unless we all wanna die
very unpleasant death we're gonna have
to work together
sure
psychologically speaking vengeance
rarely brings the catharsis we hope for
yeah are we ready
[Music]
oh is that a hyena in a bottle
named and Braves after that hunky wine
guy
[Music]